[Docs] change general room to #v3 (#519)
exercism/v3: docs/maintainers/README.md

Each track has a #maintaining-x channel on [Slack](https://exercism-team.slack.com). We recommend using that to chat amongst yourselves.

> If you need help, the best place to use is the [#v3](https://app.slack.com/client/TAN6QMALR/CR91YFNG3) channel on Slack. This is a private space where maintainers from all tracks can help each other.

Reviewer: Maybe use the old `exercism-team.slack.com` format as that will suggest opening the Slack app when it has been installed:

```suggestion
If you need help, the best place to use is the [#v3](https://exercism-team.slack.com/archives/CR91YFNG3) channel on Slack. This is a private space where maintainers from all tracks can help each other.
```
